# What can Rust-Lang do for me?

I'm not quite sure, at this point, what uses I might have for the Rust programming language. The majority of my code is written for the web, basic scripting tasks for which a compiled language would be a premature optimization. 

Most of my scripting is used to accomplish some simple, one-off task, after which it becomes unnecessary. Speed simply isn't a concern.

#### That being said, Rust is **fast**.

Unfortunately, Rust is immature. Language features are not guaranteed to still be in the spec with the next build. The compiler seems to do a pretty good job of warning which features are likely to be deprecated, but that will only help you if you're paying attention. 

Rust code, at this point, is a lot like a puppy. If you stop watching it, you might return to find it has eaten your curtains.

## Programming for the web doesn't have to mean scripting

In the browser, yes, it does, but I write a lot more serverside code than clientside. Javascript is good enough for most of my tasks. When I need something done, it's my go-to tool, but most of the tasks which _can_ be accomplished with Javascript probably _shouldn't be_. Namely, I can use Javascript for audio and video processing, but it will never match up to the performance of a compiled language. Google has done a lot of ass-kicking in making the V8 engine, but unless I start writing more with asm.js, it's not likely to get that much faster.

More to the point, if I'm going to write asm.js (typed js) to get performance gains, I might as well just write typed rust.
